movie recap this movie tells the story
of a mysterious beach because this one
beach is for the chosen people only this
movie is titled the old 2021 tell me
about a resort that has a secluded and
very secret beach
so secret the manager made a selection
before inviting his guests to the beach
a family will take us to see the
oddities on that beautiful beach
they're gone let's get straight to the
point
arriving at the family destination they
were greeted by a manager like a
conglomerate family
that consists of guy and his wife prisca
and his two children maddox and trent
meanwhile their two children were
immediately greeted by the resort
manager and served by the waiter
they immediately tried other dishes that
had been provided by the resort then
their two children looked for another
drink then another child approached the
child is the manager's nephew then their
small talk made the three children
become familiar after going to the room
it looks like his son is ready to swim
but his father just read the guidelines
and prohibitions while there he read
little children are not allowed to bathe
in the sea
then his son took his book looks pricka
just smiling
the next day the opportunity to play on
the seafront near the resort
trent and the manager's nephew seem to
be very close while maddox doesn't have
any female friends his age
she is very sad
trent wants him to come and chat and
play in his room while staying at the
resort
meanwhile the father and mother of the
child talked about priska's tumor
they think about the cost of surgery and
prisca and guy are talking about a
divorce in the near future
instead of seeing their parents fighting
the two children read a letter
containing a password from the child
somewhere a woman was seen taking a bath
in the sea accompanied by a repper named
mid-sized satan
maybe that's where the catastrophe will
happen
the next day sin turned to a beautiful
model with a malnourished body the model
orders foods high in calcium so that his
appearance remains elegant even though
his ribs are almost visible
at that time prisca's family was being
offered by the manager to visit a secret
beach
assess what the manager has done
priska's family deserves that rare
opportunity hear the beach in all its
beauty riska clearly wants to go to the
beach
not long after the arrival of the nephew
made this manager immediately approached
him
he ordered the basil to leave the dining
area of the guests
in another place it was seen that
someone had a relapse of convulsions
then the woman's wife visited him and he
turned out to be a doctor
on the next day the two families who
have been selected are now in the car to
go to the secret beach
half an hour passed they arrived at the
car stop while providing supplies from
resort kong the driver told them to just
walk to the beach
after they passed through the cliff gap
apparently it was the entrance to get to
the secret beach because that's the only
way to get to the beach after passing
through the thick forest they entered
into the gap of the cliff finally they
arrived at the secret beach
this opportunity also makes the model
immediately take a selfie with the best
pose
look at the style of his wife's husband
named can only stare
meanwhile madox was shocked when he saw
a man who turned out to be a rapper
medics also told his father that the
rapper was very famous
others set up tents where they took
shelter and packed their belongings
the children were running here and there
trent seemed to see something and also
his son charles ii they froze as if they
had stopped moving elsewhere trent is
soaking in the water he is alone but
suddenly what a shock trend when he saw
a female corpse floating from behind him
he screamed for help and walked away guy
and charles immediately picked up and
carried the corpse to land
at that time the rapper approached
trying to see the body it turned out
that the woman was right she was his
friend
the repper's arrival once made others
think that he was the killer of this
woman
then the rapper tried to deny all
accusations in fact he had been waiting
for the swimmer for hours but still
people do not believe the explanation
then charles who was calling the police
was surprised because there was a signal
in this place
meanwhile guy explained that 99 of
accidents at the beach are due to their
own faults
at that moment another husband and wife
arrived at the beach he was the one who
had a seizure at the resort who was
healed by charles at the time of the
incident
but instead of being happy they were
even surprised that they were even shown
the sight of a corpse in this place
after learning what happened the husband
of this couple tried to contact the
resort employee who had just delivered
him
then he returned to the bus parking lot
but i don't know what happened when he
passed the cliff this man named jaren
immediately fainted
and back on the beach again and his wife
tried to approach him and they were all
astonished guy then explained that he
was under a lot of pressure when he was
in the cliff gap
confused and do not know anything after
a while charles was with his mother who
felt her heart beating fast
priska looks panicked too he asked
charles to take a look he said first was
a surgeon
in the middle of a conversation with
parents disturbed because his pants
suddenly narrowed riska was surprised
because trend's posture has now changed
in the midst of panic they saw as if
someone on the hill was lurking charles
who just talked to prisca crystal
suddenly announced that charles's mother
had suddenly stopped breathing finally
charles's mother was dead charles who
just talked to prisca crystal suddenly
announced that charles's mother had
suddenly stopped breathing finally
charles's mother was dead
matic and trent asked the two people who
had just arrived they asked his
profession
and he said age they were both shocked
he thought that he was 11 years old but
he said that he was six years old
he had felt cheated after finding prisca
he was very surprised to see his two
children
it was hard to believe the teens he saw
were actually his two children
i can only stare at this unreasonable
reality of all the strange things that
happened
suddenly the rapper wanted to get out of
the place and ran into the cliff
doctor sees repper running he goes after
him but suddenly they realized they were
on the beach again
getting weird with this place in the
midst of confusing circumstances seeing
his son suddenly become a teenager
then he felt and said that the bodies of
the children on this beach were
biologically in their teens
medic looked surprised because he just
found out after a while they gathered
again to think of a way to get out of
this place
but for some reason the squeamish doctor
actually hurt the rapper after doing
this the doctor did not understand why
he did it
even if the rapper is angry this felt
strange because the pain in his cheeks
suddenly disappeared
and it turns out the slash on the
rapper's cheek has healed
he also continued to explain that he did
not kill the woman
getting weird with this place then
prisca told matic to wear proper clothes
because the sensitive part is already
big after a while they gathered again to
think of a way to get out of this place
but the condition of prisca who has a
tumor in her stomach began to feel pain
risco was surprised because the tumor
that was once small is now getting
bigger in a short time
an unexpectedly prisk is deteriorating
condition made her faint
in a state of panic the guy asked the
doctor and gerund to remove his wife's
stomach
with improvised equipment an impromptu
operation was carried out but the
incision wound was immediately closed
this clearly makes it difficult for the
doctor to perform surgery then gerund
intends to hold the wound as it closes
tumors that were once small are now
large in a short time
and luckily the impromptu surgery was a
success due to a very fast recovery
after such a strange process the report
then looked again at the woman's
condition how shocked the rapper was
when he saw his assistant's body had
turned into a skeleton
the condition of the body like this
should have been seven years old
actually the woman's body was only found
three hours ago trent on the other hand
is playing with his doctor's son named
kara
because time goes by fast those who are
growing up are now starting to feel
something like adults
then what will they do it's obvious they
make love meanwhile the parents are
still busy unraveling the mystery of the
beach which turns out to have something
to do with the fast turning of time
on the sidelines of a conversation about
how to get out of that place
then prisca was surprised because the
trend had not been seen how shocked they
were when they saw kara was suddenly
pregnant though not long ago made kara
five months pregnant these two teenagers
are not aware of the condition of cara
who is pregnant
because a few minutes in this place
equals a few months
cara suddenly felt sick to her stomach
then they found out that caro was about
to give birth and do you really feel the
contractions finally the baby was born
but just as the baby was born he had
died because the time on the beach was
running fast
born but just as the baby was born he
had died because time on the beach was
running fast
kara's mother then leaves and stays away
from cara he was very disappointed by
what happened then suddenly the doctor
suddenly became angry with the nurse she
blamed him because her grandson who had
given birth died
patricia also felt guilty for also
helping during childbirth then he looked
for the repper and stabbed him in the
chest
and he died
after killing the rapper the mad doctor
went with and without them knowing
someone from the top of the hill was
watching them
the doctor and his wife appeared to be
seriously depressed then the finger took
the doctor's knife
jaren had to take medicine for his wife
who had epilepsy must be immediately
before the disease recurs then he said
goodbye and started swimming after
gerain left
guy found it strange because every
family on this beach must have a sick
person in his family
told me that the resort voucher you got
was a gift from buying medicine for the
tumor
then he kept looking at the top of the
hill there was someone there then prisca
told maddox to swim and was able to ask
for help
then matic started taking off rod jan
walking into the sea
in a state of anxiety they wait for
pimples on the beach
and then suddenly maddox screams for
help because he finds the corpse of the
finger floating
but it turns out that the finger effort
ended tragically he drowned i don't know
why everyone who tried to escape by sea
suddenly woke up
but luckily matic was able to make it
back to shore safely
then we move on to the pear trent in
rara they will bury their children
because they feel a loss if they
continue to be in this place too soon
the trend of burying her nearly to ash's
child rara suddenly tried to escape from
the beach he tried to climb the cliff
seeing the extreme behavior of the trend
told him to immediately go down
it could be that the cliff made cara
faint it could be that the cliff made
cara faint and sure enough cara suddenly
fell from above and immediately plunged
into the sea and was hit by a big wave
and cara eventually died
while trent mourns kara's death after
kara's death she wept and she was
comforted by her father next patricia
intends to swim with her makeshift
equipment but suddenly look at the guy
was shocked by the terrible incident as
a result of not taking the epilepsy
medication patricia had a relapse that
killed her
guy was shocked that he was getting
older and starting to have myopic in his
eyes
soon after that patricia was not spared
from aging now his hearing is getting
weaker even the short nighttime guy is
aging so fast it makes it difficult for
this couple to communicate i need my
cassie
dusk then prisca and guy lit firewood
and they copied the story when they were
young elsewhere trent and medics found
what appeared to be beachgoers then they
found a note about the results of the
study the note contains the strangeness
on this beach apparently from the
influence of the earth's magnetism and
rare rocks around the beach
it is this composition that causes human
cells to age rapidly their cells are
aging too fast after knowing this trend
saw someone on the hill again seeing
that person is like using a camera as if
watching and researching their behavior
there
while enjoying guy and prisca's old age
they heard footsteps approaching
apparently it was the mad doctor the
crazy doctor suddenly became angry and
spoken coherently then with his knife
kept trying to stab guy he gets hit in
the face and tells prisca to put out the
fire
and told his two sons to stay away
[Music]
yes ask any questions now go
while his doctor wife who was a former
model was also depressed and was able to
chase maddock and trant but he died also
trapped in a narrow cave
[Music]
meanwhile guy continues to be chased by
the doctor when it was dark guy was
looking for something and he found a
rusty weapon
with the slash of a rusty knife to the
doctor then he immediately rotted his
skin and the doctor immediately got
tetanus quickly and he died
after the terrible incident there were
only four guys prisca trend and medic
at night the trend is getting late and
accompanying his aging parents
now only their families are left on this
beach
then gaia and prisca enjoy their old age
by retelling the good memories of the
past
because the effects of aging continue to
make guy's body weaken until he dies
the three of them were very shocked and
very lost prisca feels the deepest
sadness now prisca walked to the beach
but before she arrived she was already
weak and finally prisca followed her
husband's death
in the next day these brothers became
more mature in the midst of their
sadness they invited the medox to play
with the sand
just reminiscing about our childhood
together and suddenly he remembered the
nephew who owned the resort at that time
trent said that he was thinking about
idling
he remembered the letter that had not
been opened then trent took the letter
back from him and immediately translated
it
after trent opened it the letter said
that manager doesn't like coral felt it
was a clue to the way out
they were trying to get to coral around
the beach after making sure it was the
place then the two of them walked into
the water and died
but unfortunately their efforts were
interrupted when medoc's clothes got
caught oh apparently the oral is the
secret passageway to pass through the
cliffs along the coast
they also managed to get out of the
aging zone
elsewhere people on the hill suspect
that trent and medic have drowned
also reported that all the members of
the experiment had died because his task
was finished he went from the top of the
hill and headed to the car
and then returned to a pharmacy lab in
the vicinity of the resort
after he arrived at the resort's
laboratory manager immediately gave an
announcement to the scientists
then he asked all scientists to mourn
the death of patricia who died of
epilepsy
then the lead scientist explained that
the epilepsy drug they created managed
to make patricia last for eight hours
or the equivalent of 16 years they also
look proud of their work so far and the
manager said
and his discovery will definitely get an
award and become a billionaire
drug companies in collaboration with
resort have succeeded in making
breakthroughs in the world of pharmacy
then a waiter said that there would be
six more sick people they would put on
the beach again
government all employees to immediately
welcome
then his uncle told him to make other
friends there were a lot of small
children there
unexpectedly trent and matic managed to
survive he immediately met a policeman
who was relaxing for a vacation at the
resort
trent gave him a notebook he had found
unexpectedly trent and matic managed to
survive he immediately met a policeman
who was relaxing for a vacation at the
resort
trent gave him a notebook he had found
while welcoming the two guests and
giving food then trent came and dropped
the glass
the waiter was immediately scared and
surprised why he was still alive
then trant introduced himself to all the
other visitors that he survived a
research trial in a laboratory here then
the children of uncle resock were
stunned to see they were still alive
because only trend and medics were the
first to survive and get out of the
beach
he had told his friend that he swam and
dived through the coral thanks to his
instructions
and finally he was able to get out
safely from that beach
not long after that the police and their
members arrived they immediately
arrested the manager in his gang after
the police made an arrest maddox and
trent showed me the place of the beach